LogEntryType registry (#4235)
pretix/pretix: doc/development/implementation/logging.rst

overwrite `object_link_display_name`.

.. code-block:: python

    class OrderLogEntryType(EventLogEntryType):
        object_link_wrapper = _('Order {val}')
        object_link_viewname = 'control:event.order'
        object_link_argname = 'code'

        def object_link_argvalue(self, order):
            return order.code

        def object_link_display_name(self, order):
            return order.code

To show more sophisticated message strings, e.g. varying the message depending on information from the LogEntry's
`data` object, override the `display` method:

.. code-block:: python

    @log_entry_types.new()
    class PaypalEventLogEntryType(EventLogEntryType):
        action_type = 'pretix.plugins.paypal.event'

        def display(self, logentry):
            event_type = logentry.parsed_data.get('event_type')
            text = {
                'PAYMENT.SALE.COMPLETED': _('Payment completed.'),
                'PAYMENT.SALE.DENIED': _('Payment denied.'),
                # ...
            }.get(event_type, f"({event_type})")
            return _('PayPal reported an event: {}').format(text)

.. automethod:: pretix.base.logentrytypes.LogEntryType.display

> If your new model object does not belong to an `Event`, you need to implement
> 
> meow

Author: ```suggestion
If your new model object does not belong to an `Event`, you need to inherit directly from ``LogEntryType`` instead
of ``EventLogEntryType``, providing your own implementation of ``get_object_link_info`` if object links should be
displayed.

.. autoclass:: pretix.base.logentrytypes.LogEntryType
   :members: get_object_link_info

```

> .. autoclass:: pretix.base.logentrytypes.Registry
>    :members: new
> 
> .. autoclass:: pretix.base.logentrytypes.LogEntryTypeRegistry
>    :members: new, new_from_dict

Author: ```suggestion
```
